Background

► Pedro is a Delivery Director in the Intelligence Program for EY Fabric Platform.

► Pedro joined EY in 2021 as Assistant Director 1 – 63-1 (Manager 1 of 3 sub-grades)
and is based at GDS Argentina in Buenos Aires. 2 year later,
Pedro was promoted to Associate Director 1 - 62- 1 (Senior Manager 1 of 3 sub-grades).

He has 20 years of experience in the technology industry with 10 years spent on service
delivery operations serving to 10k users distributed in Latin America. In the last nine
years, he served as infrastructure manager, leading complex infrastructure projects with
the migration of an on-premises datacentre with a portfolio of services to Microsoft Office
365 cloud.

In 2021, Pedro shifted his career to the software industry. Pedro was the Scrum Master in
a key product in EY Fabric, EY Cloud Risk View. Workforce: 50 developers, Delivering: 400
features per year, Delivering Rate: 90%.

In July 2022, he was appointed as Release Train Engineer for Zero Trust and Commercial
Agile Release Trains in the Cloud Program within EY Fabric. He was managing 11 Scrum
Masters, and around 250 developers. During this period, Pedro created a set of analytics
tools using AI, BI, and RPA to monitor the complex delivery which was later expanded to

EY Fabric. He also co-created a taskforce to standardize the delivery practice across EY
Fabric.

In July 2023, he was appointed as Layer Delivery Leader for the Intelligence Layer, the AI
program within EY Fabric. With his previous experience in Generative AI (Since 2020) and
Machine Learning (Since 2017), Business Intelligence (Since 2013), he contributed to
sophisticate and systematize any operation.

Skills

► Artificial intelligence, Data Science and Business Intelligence: Creating Data-driven
culture.

► Power Platform Suite: Assisting in the creation of full stack solutions to operate in a
more efficient way using Power Automate, PowerApps, PowerBI and SharePoint.

► Soft skills: Negotiation (Harvard Style using BATNA), Communication, Critical thinking,
System Thinking.

► Special Projects: Delivery Reports, Agile Copilot (GenAI GPT Type Assistant),
Shadowing Machine (Agile School for new comers)

► Project Management Frameworks: Project Management, Scrum, Scaled Agile.

Professional Experience (Latest Relevant)
► Layer Delivery Director – EY CT – Jul 2023 – Present: \n
Pedro is assisting the EY Fabric Intelligence Layer as Delivery Leader and 
Solution Train Engineer, coaching Layer Leaders, and Train Leaders in the Scrum Practice, 
aligning Layer to EY Fabric Standards, adjusting the delivery strategy to EY Fabric goals and priorities. 
Pedro is also leading the engineering initiatives for the Delivery Office and Alignment Teams,
leading the development of tools to cascade standards to all layers in EY Fabric.\n

► Release Train Engineer – EY CT – Jul 2022 – Jun 2023:
Pedro assisted EY Fabric Cloud Layer in the Zero Trust and Commercial Trains as Release Train Engineer,
advising the scrum teams in the SAFe scrum methodology, helping products to achieve
higher delivery ratios, with the motto: “Delivering better and faster”.

► Scrum Master – EY CT – Jul 2021 to Jul 2022: Pedro served as scrum master to the
product and the scrum teams (four), facilitating the scrum events, assisting the
product team with the Product Incremental (PI) Planning, and advising them with the
best SAFe Scrum practices to achieve their PI goals. Turned PI completion ratio from
80% to 95%, introducing the Release process, creating a regular release cadence.

► Data and Digital Officer - ENGIE – Jul 2019 to Jun 2021: He served the company as
subject matter resource in the data science and Internet of things fields, advising the
company regional office and subsidiaries with the data transformation strategy,
helping to adopt data technology and assist in the implementation of the first four key
data-driven processes and its transformation journey to a data-driven organization.
Also Acting as Product Manager, Product Owner and Scrum Master for various Digital
Products.

► Technology Manager - ENGIE – Oct 2014 to Jul 2019: He served the company’s
regional office and subsidiaries in the Latin American Region assisting in the migration
of an on-premises datacenter to the Microsoft Office 365 cloud, assisting with the
maintenance of the regional infrastructure.
